okay so this video is about the one plus
eight but it's going to move into a
conversation about the company as a
whole and then their transition to that
upcoming product the one plus Z so if
you've seen my previous video on the 1
plus 8 Pro I gave this a very positive
review I really like this phone it's
expensive but it's a very good phone
it's just packed with all the things you
would expect any high quality flagship
including the camera this year expensive
phone but good phone this video is about
the 1 plus 8 the regular one the cheaper
one and the way we're going to do this
video is we'll talk about the 1 plus 8
and you just kind of mini review on it
and then I want to move on to bigger
juicier things so I like the phone I do
not like its price the things I like
about it so the color I mean very
partial to this teal color if you're on
the fence of like whether or not this is
actually a good color in real life I
think it is there's a lot of really
pretty phones out there that just don't
look good in real life like the little
code in videos this looks good in videos
and in real life so the size of the 1
plus 8 is a little bit smaller than the
8 Pro just fits in my hand a little bit
easier and the curvature of the glass
just like the wraparound of it is not as
steep or it's not as pronounced as the 1
plus 8 pro it's still curved edge I
don't love it I would have preferred a
flat edge but it is it's just a nicer
feel than the 1 plus 8 pro for people
that don't like curved edges which is me
and I feel like a lot of you guys are in
that same boat another thing I like
about this phone is the great battery
life and that 30 watt wark charge and I
also like the screen it's 90 Hertz
screen instead of the 120 from the 1
plus 8 pro but it is a very fast screen
still if that matters to you I mean the
whole phone is super fast the ramp is
slightly slower on the eight versus the
8 pro but it's something that I think
most people will not be able to pick up
on unless you're running a benchmark or
something the camera on the back is also
slightly less protuberant than the one
on the 8 pro it still juts out but it's
a more normal camera hump like if you
hold on to this thing on the back it
doesn't feel it doesn't feel crazy
where's the one in the 8 pro like you
pick it up you know it's the a pro just
from that camera hump it is quite
pronounced okay things that I don't like
about
regular 1+8 the first thing and the main
thing is the camera system it is
surprisingly mediocre the one plus a
pro's camera is so much better this year
that I thought that it would kind of
carry over I know the a pros running
better sensor that are lenses but I just
I was expecting more the regular lens
and the wide-angle are decent but the
telephoto is non-existent it's a digital
zoom and the macro lens is just it's no
good I was surprised at how bad it was
the 70 last year was awesome if the a
pro awesome the 8 like the macro on that
thing is like weirdly bad but that's
what we have a mediocre camera system on
a $700 smartphone and I gotta be honest
I do not think that it is worth the $700
price tag that it has in North America
we're gonna talk about other markets in
a second but at this price point it just
it doesn't feel right with me something
feels off so if you look at what you
lose like what do you lose going from
this phone to this phone like it's a
$200 price difference right
you lose wireless charging you lose
certified water resistance you get a
lower res screen you get a slower screen
the whole product is slightly worse but
the biggest difference is really the
camera system the oneplus 8 Pro has a
significantly better camera now if you
look at any kind of online publication
or YouTube review of this phone it was
like everyone shared the similar
sentiment of it's an expensive phone but
it's good this year like the product is
really good this year including the
camera and that camera was the thing
that justified the price tag right that
$900 price point was like that's so
expensive for oneplus phone but because
of the camera system they kind of earned
it they earned the stripes of charge
flagship money on the oneplus 8 pro this
phone does not have that camera system
one plus 8 is a noticeably inferior
camera and it makes the phone feel like
a oneplus phone from the past where the
emphasis is on how the whole product is
good except for a mediocre camera and
because of that it just makes this
product very difficult to recommend to
people at a $700 price point like any
other oneplus phone ever has been if you
cared about tech and you were
enthusiastic about having a good fast
phone it was an easy recommendation
right this at seven hundred bucks is
hard to recommend even for someone like
myself who is
fan of the oneplus brand so this is
where I want to transition this video
into the more interesting conversation
the question of why why is this priced
at $700 it really doesn't make sense
like I feel like oneplus could have
priced this at $600
I wouldn't be surprised that the you
know the oneplus HQ they actually
considered selling the oneplus 8 in
North America for $5.99 and at that
price this would have been a very
popular phone like all the publications
and reviewers be like hey this is the
best $600 phone on the market right now
and they would have sold a lot of 1+8
phones and probably less 1+8 Pro phones
if they had priced it at six hundred
bucks but I think they priced this thing
at seven hundred to make this guy the
oneplus a pro look better because when
you bring out a phone that's nine
hundred bucks and this is the most
expensive one plus phone ever when they
brought that out that's a very expensive
phone but when you anchor it next to a
$700 phone that has had enough feature
stripped away that $900 phone starts to
look pretty good
see I'm convinced that they could have
put wireless charging onto the eight I
know the eight pro has it but they could
have put like five or ten watt wireless
charging on the back of this I had a
coil been like a couple bucks and cost
but they didn't do it it was like it was
a purposeful mission so that you know
what I'm saying you know what I'm saying
the eight pro has to look the best the
best way to do that is to make this
thing expensive and feature poor
relatively so that I believe is the
story in North America with the North
American pricing I believe that this
phone the eight is I mean it's got its
purpose there's people that are looking
for something like this but the there's
a ancillary purpose of it to make the a
pro look that much better now this
conversation gets even better when you
look at global markets because there is
a third player the 1 + Z now in my
iPhone se video I talked about how the
pricing of oneplus phones in India is
completely different than the way it is
in North America like the 1+8
is a cheaper phone than the iPhone se
there it's the strangest thing but
that's just the way it is partially due
to taxes and tariffs but I think there's
also an element of like brand
positioning like I feel like oneplus
they built their popularity and there
and through really cheap pricing and you
know their fan base really they want
that so I think for one plus in India
they're willing to eat some of that
profit margin to maintain that
popularity lead that's perfectly fine
but it's also this element of that one
plus is e and this is a phone that I
think will be very disruptive in the
market it's been leaked quite heavily it
supposedly has a six point four inch
OLED panel with a centered hole punch
running at 90 Hertz supposedly it's
supposed to have a flat screen instead
of the curved edges that we're seeing on
the 1+8 and a camera cluster on the back
that's very similar to what we see on
the samsung galaxy s 20 phones and it's
supposed to be running a mediatek chip
instead of the more common snapdragons
and it's going to be priced supposedly
at the equivalent of 400 US dollars
which is incredibly inexpensive for a
oneplus phone so this product the 1 plus
Z fits like in order for that thing to
exist you need to have very particular
pricing in the rest of your of your
repertoire phones right so in Asia it
makes sense and in Europe if you look at
the pricing of these phones it makes
sense that cheap one plus Z can slot in
nicely but that phone cannot exist in
North America I don't think that they're
gonna bring that one plus Z into the US
or Canada it just doesn't fit you take a
four hundred let's say we bump it up in
North America like five hundred bucks
you take that and you place it beside
and $900 and a $700 like flagship and
semi flagship phone it just looks so out
of place it doesn't fit it's too it's
too good it's too cheap it's too
powerful it's too disruptive to its own
brand so that is why I think they press
the 1+8 the way they did I think it's a
great phone but I just don't think it's
worth $700 if you're interested in
buying this thing right now
you know there's the 70 the 7 pro 70 pro
those all offer similar experiences so
that's very comparable for a lot less
like 500 or $550 and I think this and
will go on sale like by the end of the
summer I feel like the eight will drop
down to like 600 bucks on the oneplus
store but that's basically it I hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it
subs if he loves it I'll see you guys
next time this is a little bit different
of a video hope you guys enjoyed it if
you if you actually liked this
conversation I feel like I could talk
about this like
powers but if you liked it let me know
with a thumbs right
[Music]